[Music]
hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be showing you an updated room tour
i hope you enjoy uh we're gonna start
with the front of my door
even though it's not christmas anymore
my door is still decorated as though it
is i've got this little saying is
believing
polar express quote thing with some
powder express tickets
and also this drawing i did of the door
knocker in a christmas carol
but let's ignore that and come on
inside so first of all on the back of my
door
i just have my dressing gown and my
victorian nightgown hanging
and then on this wall i absolutely love
this i've um
sellotaped some gypsyphilia uh this is
dried it's literally been in my room for
a year and i love how it looks
and underneath i've hung up my favorite
polaroid and
underneath i've got this nice little
paper star banner then on this side i've
got my
main polaroid walls so i just stick up
my favorite polaroids here and
i plan on filling this up a bit more
and then down here i've got my picnic
basket
which i got for christmas and i'm
obsessed with and inside i
actually keep lots of snacks
my favorite is graham crackers so
then we've got my bedside table i've got
this lovely hanging kath kidston lamb
which i
love it's like hangs all the way down
from the from the rafters
this is great because i can turn it on
and off when i'm in bed
it's great for reading sorry i'm gonna
cut that that was just so unnecessary
detail
so then on the side here i have my
nighttime essentials and i also have
this may like mouse mom and i both got
these for
christmas very cute it's a little
christmas mouse and a matchbox
and yes i'm 20 and yes i have one of
these on my bedside table but it's so
cute how can you
look at that and not think it's cute so
then in the top drawer this is where i
keep all of my
random things so i've got my bookmark
collection back here
and this one is my favorite it's one
that i made
in this box here at the back i keep
handkerchiefs which is
fun here i've got all of my diaries so
i've kept a diary since i was nine and i
just keep them there
the bottom one's quite messy but this is
where i keep all of my wires basically
now let's go on to the wardrobe so this
wardrobe was actually made by
a friend of my dad's which is quite cool
okay so first door
oh on the inside i put all of my uh well
some of my favorite photos are some of
my favorite people
i love this photo of jade and i
actually in the compartment in this one
i've got anything which is kind of
random
this is what it looks like inside this
is like socks and underwear and
on top i keep all of my candles i have
lots and lots of candles
so one of my favorite candles is the
seychelles candle from the white company
mine's very nearly run out and i also
love any candle from from the page they
do
literary scented candles in this basket
i have pajamas
and then in the bottom one
i keep my tops now on to the next door i
just have a piece of string and then i
put some of my hair clips
and headbands on here and i'm sorry
about the dogs barking downstairs the
dogs are barking because my dad just got
back
look they stopped i think
i've got all of my hanging clothes here
and then underneath i've got a few like
bigger candles which wouldn't fit there
i have so many candles it's actually
quite bad i think and my perfume and
i've also got my jewelry box here so my
jewelry inside
and then on the final door so there's a
mirror on the inside and i've just put
up a few little aesthetic
prints on the bottom of the mirror and
i've
got some like thicker jumpers up here
skirts here big collars here as well
like the one i'm wearing today
jumpers shorts and trousers and then at
the bottom
this is where i keep all of my makeup
i've also got this basket where i keep
all of my scrunchies and headbands
also down here i've got this nice
collection
of candlesticks and in this tin
i keep embroidery thread so then on this
wall i've got my calendar this was a
gift from my cousin alfie it's a woman
who read calendar and every single month
it's got a different painting
of a woman reading it's such a
thoughtful present and i love it so much
and then i've also got this painting of
a beach on the other side
next i've got this scratch away map uh
which has been up in my room for like
six or seven years so if you've watched
any of my other room tours you would
have seen it
and i have got my desk i love my desk
so so much um it's this like curved
shape
um so that you can move around the bed
because the bed sticks out quite a lot
as you can see and there's a little
ledge at the bottom too
which is in the same shape on my desk i
just keep my laptop and
obviously i've always got some tea
biggest essential i changed out my chair
for an armchair recently
so i used to have this hard plastic
chair which gave me bruises on my feet
this has been such a big uh like game
changer for me when
working i've realized since guessing it
how important having a comfy chair is
and an armchair is actually a very good
desk chair
this is just an overview of my
windowsill i've got this lovely
ornament of a mother and daughter this
is very nice hand sanitizer
and then i've got this bust pot
from anthropology and also my
candlestick snuffle which is
an absolute essential of course here is
my current mood board on my wall i like
to keep
some nice aesthetic photos above my desk
at the moment it's got kind of a
cottage core feel to it i think
so then this is my other windowsill i um
love the windows so much in my room the
rustic
handles like the brass handles on these
and also the curtain rail as you can
see this is my favorite photo of my
sister and i so i just got it framed
i've got this bust from anthropology
which
i don't actually i don't know what to
store in it i don't keep anything in it
but i think it might be quite nice to
put some flowers
in and then behind this is where i keep
letters that i need to reply to or that
i need to send
then here i've got this stool which was
my
mom's and she very kindly let me put it
in my bedroom
i don't tend to use this for anything in
particular but sometimes i might like
throw
my outfit of the day for the next day on
there or um put some tea on there or
something
and then here we've got my bookshelf i
love my bookshelf so much
i kind of go between like my desk and my
bookshelf as being the best bit in my
room like the thing i like most
at the moment i probably say it's my
bookshelf one thing i actually have
added recently
is an extra shelf assort on the top
and right at the end you can see i've
got this old
vintage um what are they called
megaphone i actually got this when i
passed my 11 plus from my parents
because i wanted to be a director i just
think it's such a cool like
memory to have up there and it also
looks very nice and then finally we've
got my bed here so my bed is actually
very very modern
i don't think my room's that modern but
my bed is it's got this nice like white
plastic headboard and then
above my bed i have two paintings this
one of a willow tree and this one of a
raven
anyway thank you so much for watching
this video i hope that you enjoyed it
and
i hope that you have a productive week
you